update readme (#93)
konflux-ci/namespace-lister: README.md

## Requests Authentication

Requests authentication is **out of scope**.

The namespace-lister requires requests to be already authenticated or that their authentication can deferred to the Kubernetes APIServer via the TokenAccessReview API.

### Already authenticated requests

Another component (e.g. a reverse proxy) is required to implement authentication.

The Namespace-Lister will retrieve the user information from an HTTP Header.
It is possible to declare which Header to use via Environment Variables.

### TokenAccessReview API

The namespace-lister can defer the request authentication to the Kubernetes APIServer leveraging on the TokenAccessReview API.

> For this mechanism to work, the request is required to bear a token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this mechanism to work, the request is required to have a bearer token.
```
